bfo	Basic Formal Ontology CC-BY	The upper level ontology upon which OBO Foundry ontologies are built.								
chebi	Chemical Entities of Biological Interest CC-BY 4.0	A structured classification of molecular entities of biological interest focusing on 'small' chemical compounds.								
doid	Human Disease Ontology CC0 1.0 Universal	An ontology for describing the classification of human diseases organized by etiology.								
go	Gene Ontology CC BY 4.0	An ontology for describing the function of genes and gene products								
obi	Ontology for Biomedical Investigations CC-BY 4.0	An integrated ontology for the description of life-science and clinical investigations								
pato	Phenotype And Trait Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of phenotypic qualities (properties, attributes or characteristics)								
po	Plant Ontology CC-BY 4.0	The Plant Ontology is a structured vocabulary and database resource that links plant anatomy, morphology and growth and development to plant genomics data.								
pr	PRotein Ontology (PRO) CC-BY	An ontological representation of protein-related entities								
xao	Xenopus Anatomy Ontology CC-BY	XAO represents the anatomy and development of the African frogs Xenopus laevis and tropicalis.								
zfa	Zebrafish anatomy and development ontology CC-BY	A structured controlled vocabulary of the anatomy and development of the Zebrafish								
aeo	Anatomical Entity Ontology CC-BY 4.0	AEO is an ontology of anatomical structures that expands CARO, the Common Anatomy Reference Ontology								
agro	Agronomy Ontology CC-BY	Ontology of agronomic practices, agronomic techniques, and agronomic variables used in agronomic experiments								
aism	Ontology for the Anatomy of the Insect SkeletoMuscular system (AISM) CC-BY	The AISM contains terms used in insect biodiversity research for describing structures of the exoskeleton and the skeletomuscular system. It aims to serve as the basic backbone of generalized terms to be expanded with order-specific terminology.								
amphx	The Amphioxus Development and Anatomy Ontology CC-BY	An ontology for the development and anatomy of Amphioxus (Branchiostoma lanceolatum).								
apo	Ascomycete phenotype ontology CC BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary for the phenotypes of Ascomycete fungi								
apollo_sv	Apollo Structured Vocabulary CC-BY 3.0	Defines terms and relations necessary for interoperation between epidemic models and public health application software that interface with these models								
aro	Antibiotic Resistance Ontology CC-BY	Antibiotic resistance genes and mutations								
bco	Biological Collections Ontology CC-0	An ontology to support the interoperability of biodiversity data, including data on museum collections, environmental/metagenomic samples, and ecological surveys.								
bspo	Biological Spatial Ontology CC-BY	An ontology for representing spatial concepts, anatomical axes, gradients, regions, planes, sides, and surfaces								
bto	BRENDA tissue / enzyme source CC BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary for the source of an enzyme comprising tissues, cell lines, cell types and cell cultures.								
caro	Common Anatomy Reference Ontology CC-BY 3.0	An upper level ontology to facilitate interoperability between existing anatomy ontologies for different species								
cdao	Comparative Data Analysis Ontology CC0 1.0 Universal	a formalization of concepts and relations relevant to evolutionary comparative analysis								
cdno	Compositional Dietary Nutrition Ontology CC-BY	CDNO provides structured terminologies to describe nutritional attributes of material entities that contribute to human diet.								
cheminf	Chemical Information Ontology CC BY 4.0	Includes terms for the descriptors commonly used in cheminformatics software applications and the algorithms which generate them.								
chiro	CHEBI Integrated Role Ontology CC-0	CHEBI provides a distinct role hierarchy. Chemicals in the structural hierarchy are connected via a 'has role' relation. CHIRO provides links from these roles to useful other classes in other ontologies. This will allow direct connection between chemical structures (small molecules, drugs) and what they do. This could be formalized using 'capable of', in the same way Uberon and the Cell Ontology link structures to processes.								
chmo	Chemical Methods Ontology CC-BY	CHMO, the chemical methods ontology, describes methods used to								
cido	Coronavirus Infectious Disease Ontology CC-BY	The Coronavirus Infectious Disease Ontology (CIDO) aims to ontologically represent and standardize various aspects of coronavirus infectious diseases, including their etiology, transmission, epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment.								
cio	Confidence Information Ontology CC0	An ontology to capture confidence information about annotations.								
cl	Cell Ontology CC-BY	The Cell Ontology is a structured controlled vocabulary for cell types in animals.								
clao	Collembola Anatomy Ontology CC-0	CLAO is an ontology of anatomical terms employed in morphological descriptions for the Class Collembola (Arthropoda: Hexapoda).								
clo	Cell Line Ontology CC-BY	An ontology to standardize and integrate cell line information and to support computer-assisted reasoning.								
clyh	Clytia hemisphaerica Development and Anatomy Ontology CC-BY	The Clytia hemisphaerica Development and Anatomy Ontology (CLYH) describes the anatomical and developmental features of the Clytia hemisphaerica life cycle.								
cmo	Clinical measurement ontology CC-0	Morphological and physiological measurement records generated from clinical and model organism research and health programs.								
cob	Core Ontology for Biology and Biomedicine CC0	COB brings together key terms from a wide range of OBO projects to improve interoperability.								
cro	Contributor Role Ontology CC-BY	A classification of the diverse roles performed in the work leading to a published research output in the sciences. Its purpose to provide transparency in contributions to scholarly published work, to enable improved systems of attribution, credit, and accountability.								
cteno	Ctenophore Ontology CC-BY	An anatomical and developmental ontology for ctenophores (Comb Jellies)								
cto	CTO: Core Ontology of Clinical Trials CC-BY	The core Ontology of Clinical Trials (CTO) will serve as a structured resource integrating basic terms and concepts in the context of clinical trials. Thereby covering clinicaltrails.gov. CoreCTO will serve as a basic ontology to generate extended versions for specific applications such as annotation of variables in study documents from clinical trials.								
cvdo	Cardiovascular Disease Ontology CC BY 4.0	An ontology to describe entities related to cardiovascular diseases								
ddanat	Dictyostelium discoideum anatomy CC0 1.0 Universal	A structured controlled vocabulary of the anatomy of the slime-mold Dictyostelium discoideum								
ddpheno	Dictyostelium discoideum phenotype ontology CC-0	A structured controlled vocabulary of phenotypes of the slime-mould Dictyostelium discoideum.								
dideo	Drug-drug Interaction and Drug-drug Interaction Evidence Ontology CC-BY 4.0	The Potential Drug-drug Interaction and Potential Drug-drug Interaction Evidence Ontology								
dpo	Drosophila Phenotype Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of commonly encountered and/or high level Drosophila phenotypes.								
dron	The Drug Ontology CC-BY	An ontology to support comparative effectiveness researchers studying claims data.								
duo	Data Use Ontology CC-BY	DUO is an ontology which represent data use conditions.								
ecao	The Echinoderm Anatomy and Development Ontology CC-BY	An ontology for the development and anatomy of the different species of the phylum Echinodermata (NCBITaxon:7586).								
eco	Evidence ontology CC0 1.0 Universal	An ontology for experimental and other evidence statements.								
ecocore	An ontology of core ecological entities CC-BY	Ecocore is a community ontology for the concise and controlled description of ecological traits of organisms.								
ecto	Environmental conditions, treatments and exposures ontology CC0	ECTO describes exposures to experimental treatments of plants and model organisms (e.g. exposures to modification of diet, lighting levels, temperature); exposures of humans or any other organisms to stressors through a variety of routes, for purposes of public health, environmental monitoring etc, stimuli, natural and experimental, any kind of environmental condition or change in condition that can be experienced by an organism or population of organisms on earth. The scope is very general and can include for example plant treatment regimens, as well as human clinical exposures (although these may better be handled by a more specialized ontology).								
emapa	Mouse Developmental Anatomy Ontology CC-BY 4.0	An ontology for mouse anatomy covering embryonic development and postnatal stages.								
envo	Environment Ontology CC-BY	Ontology of environmental features and habitats								
eupath	VEuPathDB ontology CC-BY	An ontology is developed to support Eukaryotic Pathogen, Host & Vector Genomics Resource (VEuPathDB; https://veupathdb.org).								
exo	Exposure ontology CC BY 4.0	Vocabularies for describing exposure data to inform understanding of environmental health.								
fao	Fungal gross anatomy CC-0	A structured controlled vocabulary for the anatomy of fungi.								
fbbi	Biological Imaging Methods Ontology CC BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary of sample preparation, visualization and imaging methods used in biomedical research.								
fbbt	Drosophila gross anatomy CC-BY	An ontology representing the gross anatomy of Drosophila melanogaster.								
fbcv	FlyBase Controlled Vocabulary CC-BY	A structured controlled vocabulary used for various aspects of annotation by FlyBase.								
fbdv	Drosophila development CC-BY	A structured controlled vocabulary of the development of Drosophila melanogaster.								
fideo	Food Interactions with Drugs Evidence Ontology CC0	Food-Drug interactions automatically extracted from scientific literature								
flopo	Flora Phenotype Ontology CC-0	Traits and phenotypes of flowering plants occurring in digitized Floras								
fma	Foundational Model of Anatomy Ontology (subset) CC-BY 3.0	This is currently a slimmed down version of FMA								
foodon	FOODON CC-BY	A broadly scoped ontology representing entities which bear a “food role”. It encompasses materials in natural ecosystems and food webs as well as human-centric categorization and handling of food.								
fovt	FuTRES Ontology of Vertebrate Traits CC0	FuTRES Ontology of Vertebrate Traits is an application ontology used to convert vertebrate trait data in spreadsheet to triples. FOVT leverages the BioCollections Ontology (BCO) to link observations of individual specimens to their trait values. Traits are defined in the Ontology of Biological Attributes (OBA).								
fypo	Fission Yeast Phenotype Ontology CC-BY	FYPO is a formal ontology of phenotypes observed in fission yeast.								
gaz	Gazetteer CC0 1.0 Universal	A gazetteer constructed on ontological principles								
gecko	Genomics Cohorts Knowledge Ontology CC-BY 4.0	An ontology to represent genomics cohort attributes								
genepio	Genomic Epidemiology Ontology CC-BY	The Genomic Epidemiology Ontology (GenEpiO) covers vocabulary necessary to identify, document and research foodborne pathogens and associated outbreaks.								
geno	Genotype Ontology CC-BY-SA	An integrated ontology for representing the genetic variations described in genotypes, and their causal relationships to phenotype and diseases.								
geo	Geographical Entity Ontology CC-BY 4.0	An ontology of geographical entities								
gno	Glycan Naming and Subsumption Ontology (GNOme) CC-BY 4.0	GlyTouCan provides stable accessions for glycans described at varyious degrees of characterization, including compositions (no linkage) and topologies (no carbon bond positions or anomeric configurations). GNOme organizes these stable accessions for interative browsing, for text-based searching, and for automated reasoning with well-defined characterization levels.								
hancestro	Human Ancestry Ontology CC-BY 4.0	The Human Ancestry Ontology (HANCESTRO) provides a systematic description of the ancestry concepts used in the NHGRI-EBI Catalog of published genome-wide association studies.								
hao	Hymenoptera Anatomy Ontology CC-0	A structured controlled vocabulary of the anatomy of the Hymenoptera (bees, wasps, and ants)								
hom	Homology Ontology CC0	This ontology represents concepts related to homology, as well as other concepts used to describe similarity and non-homology.								
hsapdv	Human Developmental Stages CC-BY	Life cycle stages for Human								
hso	Health Surveillance Ontology CC-BY	The health Surveillance Ontology (HSO) focuses on "surveillance system level data", that is, data outputs from surveillance activities, such as number of samples collected, cases observed, etc. It aims to support One-Health surveillance, covering animal health, public health and food safety surveillance.								
htn	Hypertension Ontology CC-BY 4.0	An ontology for representing clinical data about hypertension, intended to support classification of patients according to various diagnostic guidelines								
iao	Information Artifact Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of information entities.								
iceo	Integrative and Conjugative Element Ontology CC-BY	ICEO is an integrated biological ontology for the description of bacterial integrative and conjugative elements (ICEs).								
ico	Informed Consent Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of clinical informed consents								
ido	Infectious Disease Ontology CC-BY 3.0	A set of interoperable ontologies that will together provide coverage of the infectious disease domain. IDO core is the upper-level ontology that hosts terms of general relevance across the domain, while extension ontologies host terms to specific to a particular part of the domain.								
ino	Interaction Network Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of interactions and interaction networks								
labo	clinical LABoratory Ontology CC BY 4.0	LABO is an ontology of informational entities formalizing clinical laboratory tests prescriptions and reporting documents.								
ma	Mouse adult gross anatomy CC-BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary of the adult anatomy of the mouse (Mus).								
maxo	Medical Action Ontology CC-BY	Medical Action Ontology is an ontology...								
mco	Microbial Conditions Ontology CC-BY	Microbial Conditions Ontology is an ontology...								
mf	Mental Functioning Ontology CC-BY	The Mental Functioning Ontology is an overarching ontology for all aspects of mental functioning.								
mfmo	Mammalian Feeding Muscle Ontology CC-BY	The Mammalian Feeding Muscle Ontology is an antomy ontology for the muscles of the head and neck that participate in feeding, swallowing, and other oral-pharyngeal behaviors.								
mfoem	Emotion Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of affective phenomena such as emotions, moods, appraisals and subjective feelings.								
mfomd	Mental Disease Ontology CC-BY	An ontology to describe and classify mental diseases such as schizophrenia, annotated with DSM-IV and ICD codes where applicable								
mi	Molecular Interactions Controlled Vocabulary CC BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary for the annotation of experiments concerned with protein-protein interactions.								
miapa	MIAPA Ontology CC-0	An application ontology to formalize annotation of phylogenetic data.								
micro	Ontology of Prokaryotic Phenotypic and Metabolic Characters CC-BY 2.0	An ontology of prokaryotic phenotypic and metabolic characters								
mmo	Measurement method ontology CC-0	A representation of the variety of methods used to make clinical and phenotype measurements.								
mmusdv	Mouse Developmental Stages CC-BY	Life cycle stages for Mus Musculus								
mod	Protein modification CC-BY 4.0	PSI-MOD is an ontology consisting of terms that describe protein chemical modifications								
mondo	Mondo Disease Ontology CC BY 4.0	A semi-automatically constructed ontology that merges in multiple disease resources to yield a coherent merged ontology.								
mop	Molecular Process Ontology CC-BY 4.0	Processes at the molecular level								
mp	Mammalian Phenotype Ontology CC-BY 4.0	Standard terms for annotating mammalian phenotypic data.								
mpath	Mouse pathology ontology CC-BY	A structured controlled vocabulary of mutant and transgenic mouse pathology phenotypes								
mpio	Minimum PDDI Information Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of minimum information regarding potential drug-drug interaction information.								
mro	MHC Restriction Ontology CC-BY	An ontology for Major Histocompatibility Complex (MHC) restriction in experiments								
ms	Mass spectrometry ontology CC-BY	A structured controlled vocabulary for the annotation of experiments concerned with proteomics mass spectrometry.								
nbo	Neuro Behavior Ontology CC-BY	An ontology of human and animal behaviours and behavioural phenotypes								
ncbitaxon	NCBI organismal classification CC0 1.0 Universal	An ontology representation of the NCBI organismal taxonomy								
ncit	NCI Thesaurus OBO Edition CC-BY 4.0	NCI Thesaurus (NCIt)is a reference terminology that includes broad coverage of the cancer domain, including cancer related diseases, findings and abnormalities. The NCIt OBO Edition aims to increase integration of the NCIt with OBO Library ontologies. NCIt OBO Edition releases should be considered experimental.								
ncro	Non-Coding RNA Ontology CC-BY 4.0	An ontology for non-coding RNA, both of biological origin, and engineered.								
nomen	NOMEN - A nomenclatural ontology for biological names CC-0	NOMEN is a nomenclatural ontology for biological names (not concepts). It encodes the goverened rules of nomenclature.								
oae	Ontology of Adverse Events CC-BY	A biomedical ontology in the domain of adverse events								
oarcs	Ontology of Arthropod Circulatory Systems CC BY 3.0	OArCS is an ontology describing the Arthropod ciruclatory system.								
oba	Ontology of Biological Attributes CC-0	A collection of biological attributes (traits) covering all kingdoms of life.								
obcs	Ontology of Biological and Clinical Statistics CC-BY	A biomedical ontology in the domain of biological and clinical statistics.								
obib	Ontology for Biobanking CC-BY	An ontology built for annotation and modeling of biobank repository and biobanking administration								
ogg	The Ontology of Genes and Genomes CC-BY	A formal ontology of genes and genomes of biological organisms.								
ogms	Ontology for General Medical Science CC-BY	An ontology for representing treatment of disease and diagnosis and on carcinomas and other pathological entities								
ogsf	Ontology of Genetic Susceptibility Factor CC-BY 3.0	An application ontology to represent genetic susceptibility to a specific disease, adverse event, or a pathological process.								
ohd	The Oral Health and Disease Ontology CC-BY	The Oral Health and Disease Ontology was created, initially, to represent the content of dental practice health records.								
ohmi	Ontology of Host-Microbiome Interactions CC-BY	The Ontology of Host-Microbiome Interactions aims to ontologically represent and standardize various entities and relations related to microbiomes, microbiome host organisms (e.g., human and mouse), and the interactions between the hosts and microbiomes at different conditions.								
ohpi	Ontology of Host Pathogen Interactions CC-BY	OHPI is a community-driven ontology of host-pathogen interactions (OHPI) and represents the virulence factors (VFs) and how the mutants of VFs in the Victors database become less virulence inside a host organism or host cells. It is developed to represent manually curated HPI knowledge available in the PHIDIAS resource.								
olatdv	Medaka Developmental Stages CC-BY	Life cycle stages for Medaka								
omiabis	Ontologized MIABIS CC-BY	An ontological version of MIABIS (Minimum Information About BIobank data Sharing)								
omit	Ontology for MIRNA Target CC-BY 3.0	Ontology to establish data exchange standards and common data elements in the microRNA (miR) domain								
omo	OBO Metadata Ontology CC0	An ontology specifies terms that are used to annotate ontology terms for all OBO ontologies. The ontology was developed as part of Information Artifact Ontology (IAO).								
omp	Ontology of Microbial Phenotypes CC-BY	An ontology of phenotypes covering microbes								
omrse	Ontology of Medically Related Social Entities CC-BY 4.0	This ontology covers the domain of social entities that are related to health care, such as demographic information and the roles of various individuals and organizations.								
one	Ontology for Nutritional Epidemiology CC-BY	An ontology to standardize research output of nutritional epidemiologic studies.								
ons	Ontology for Nutritional Studies CC-BY	An ontology for description of concepts in the nutritional studies domain.								
ontoneo	Obstetric and Neonatal Ontology CC-BY	The Obstetric and Neonatal Ontology is a structured controlled vocabulary to provide a representation of the data from electronic health records (EHRs) involved in the care of the pregnant woman, and of her baby.								
oostt	Ontology of Organizational Structures of Trauma centers and Trauma systems CC-BY	An ontology built for representating the organizational components of trauma centers and trauma systems.								
opl	Ontology for Parasite LifeCycle CC-BY 4.0	A reference ontology for parasite life cycle stages.								
opmi	Ontology of Precision Medicine and Investigation CC-BY	The Ontology of Precision Medicine and Investigation (OPMI) aims to ontologically represent and standardize various entities and relations associated with precision medicine and related investigations at different conditions.								
ornaseq	Ontology of RNA Sequencing CC-BY	An application ontology designed to annotate next-generation sequencing experiments performed on RNA.								
ovae	Ontology of Vaccine Adverse Events CC-BY	A biomedical ontology in the domain of vaccine adverse events.								
pco	Population and Community Ontology CC-0	An ontology about groups of interacting organisms such as populations and communities								
pdro	The Prescription of Drugs Ontology CC BY 4.0	An ontology to describe entities related to prescription of drugs								
pdumdv	Platynereis Developmental Stages CC-BY	Life cycle stages for Platynereis dumerilii								
peco	Plant Experimental Conditions Ontology CC-BY 4.0	A structured, controlled vocabulary which describes the treatments, growing conditions, and/or study types used in plant biology experiments.								
phipo	Pathogen Host Interaction Phenotype Ontology CC-BY	PHIPO is a formal ontology of species-neutral phenotypes observed in pathogen-host interactions.								
plana	planaria-ontology CC-BY	PLANA, the planarian anatomy ontology, encompasses the anatomy and life cycle stages for both __Schmidtea mediterranea__ biotypes.								
planp	Planarian Phenotype Ontology CC-BY	Planarian Phenotype Ontology is an ontology of phenotypes observed in the planarian Schmidtea mediterranea.								
poro	Porifera Ontology CC-BY	An ontology covering the anatomy of the taxon Porifera (sponges)								
ppo	Plant Phenology Ontology CC-BY	An ontology for describing the phenology of individual plants and populations of plants, and for integrating plant phenological data across sources and scales.								
psdo	Performance Summary Display Ontology CC-BY	Ontology to reproducibly study visualizations of clinical performance								
pso	Plant Stress Ontology CC-BY	The Plant Stress Ontology describes...								
pw	Pathway ontology CC-BY	A controlled vocabulary for annotating gene products to pathways.								
rbo	Radiation Biology Ontology CC-BY	RBO is an ontology for the effects of radiation on biota in terrestrial and space environments.								
ro	Relation Ontology CC-0	Relationship types shared across multiple ontologies								
rs	Rat Strain Ontology CC-BY 4.0	Ontology of rat strains								
rxno	Name Reaction Ontology CC-BY 4.0	Connects organic name reactions to their roles in an organic synthesis and to processes in MOP								
sepio	Scientific Evidence and Provenance Information Ontology CC-BY	An ontology for representing the provenance of scientific claims and the evidence that supports them.								
so	Sequence types and features ontology CC-BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary for sequence annotation, for the exchange of annotation data and for the description of sequence objects in databases.								
spd	Spider Ontology CC-BY 3.0	An ontology for spider comparative biology including anatomical parts (e.g. leg, claw), behavior (e.g. courtship, combing) and products (i.g. silk, web, borrow).								
stato	The Statistical Methods Ontology CC-BY	STATO is a general-purpose STATistics Ontology. Its aim is to provide coverage for processes such as statistical tests, their conditions of application, and information needed or resulting from statistical methods, such as probability distributions, variables, spread and variation metrics. STATO also covers aspects of experimental design and description of plots and graphical representations commonly used to provide visual cues of data distribution or layout and to assist review of the results.								
swo	Software ontology CC BY 4.0	The Software Ontology (SWO) is a resource for describing software tools, their types, tasks, versions, provenance and associated data. It contains detailed information on licensing and formats as well as software applications themselves, mainly (but not limited) to the bioinformatics community.								
symp	Symptom Ontology CC0	An ontology of disease symptoms, with symptoms encompasing perceived changes in function, sensations or appearance reported by a patient indicative of a disease.								
taxrank	Taxonomic rank vocabulary CC-0	A vocabulary of taxonomic ranks (species, family, phylum, etc)								
to	Plant Trait Ontology CC-BY 4.0	A controlled vocabulary of describe phenotypic traits in plants.								
trans	Pathogen Transmission Ontology CC0	An ontology representing the disease transmission process during which the pathogen is transmitted directly or indirectly from its natural reservoir, a susceptible host or source to a new host.								
tto	Teleost taxonomy ontology CC-0	An ontology covering the taxonomy of teleosts (bony fish)								
uberon	Uberon multi-species anatomy ontology CC-BY	An integrated cross-species anatomy ontology covering animals and bridging multiple species-specific ontologies								
uo	Units of measurement ontology CC-BY	Metrical units for use in conjunction with PATO								
upheno	Unified phenotype ontology (uPheno) CC0	The uPheno ontology integrates multiple phenotype ontologies into a unified cross-species phenotype ontology.								
vo	Vaccine Ontology CC-BY	VO is a biomedical ontology in the domain of vaccine and vaccination.								
vt	Vertebrate trait ontology CC BY 4.0	An ontology of traits covering vertebrates								
vto	Vertebrate Taxonomy Ontology CC-0	Comprehensive hierarchy of extinct and extant vertebrate taxa.								
wbbt	C. elegans Gross Anatomy Ontology CC-BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary of the anatomy of Caenorhabditis elegans.								
wbls	C. elegans development ontology CC BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary of the development of Caenorhabditis elegans.								
wbphenotype	C. elegans phenotype CC BY 4.0	A structured controlled vocabulary of Caenorhabditis elegans phenotypes								
xco	Experimental condition ontology CC-0	Conditions under which physiological and morphological measurements are made both in the clinic and in studies involving humans or model organisms.								
xlmod	HUPO-PSI cross-linking and derivatization reagents controlled vocabulary CC-BY	A structured controlled vocabulary for cross-linking reagents used with proteomics mass spectrometry.								
xpo	Xenopus Phenotype Ontology CC-BY	XPO represents anatomical, cellular, and gene function phenotypes occurring throughout the development of the African frogs Xenopus laevis and tropicalis.								
zeco	Zebrafish Experimental Conditions Ontology CC-BY	Experimental conditions applied to zebrafish, developed to facilitate experiment condition annotation at ZFIN								
zfs	Zebrafish developmental stages ontology CC-BY 3.0	Developmental stages of the Zebrafish								
zp	Zebrafish Phenotype Ontology CC-BY	The Zebrafish Phenotype Ontology formally defines all phenotypes of the Zebrafish model organism.								
fobi	FOBI CC-BY	FOBI (Food-Biomarker Ontology) is an ontology to represent food intake data and associate it with metabolomic data								
gsso	Gender, Sex, and Sexual Orientation (GSSO) ontology Apache 2.0 License	The Gender, Sex, and Sexual Orientation (GSSO) ontology has terms for annotating interdisciplinary information concerning gender, sex, and sexual orientation for primary usage in the biomedical and adjacent sciences.								
hp	Human Phenotype Ontology hpo	A structured and controlled vocabulary for the phenotypic features encountered in human hereditary and other disease.								
kisao	Kinetic Simulation Algorithm Ontology Artistic License 2.0	A classification of algorithms available for the simulation of models in biology.								
mamo	Mathematical modeling ontology Artistic License 2.0	The Mathematical Modelling Ontology (MAMO) is a classification of the types of mathematical models used mostly in the life sciences, their variables, relationships and other relevant features.								
sbo	Systems Biology Ontology Artistic License 2.0	Terms commonly used in Systems Biology, and in particular in computational modeling.								
scdo	Sickle Cell Disease Ontology GPL-3.0	An ontology for the standardization of terminology and integration of knowledge about Sickle Cell Disease.								
txpo	Toxic Process Ontology CC-BY version 3.0	TOXic Process Ontology (TXPO) systematizes a wide variety of terms involving toxicity courses and processes. The first version of TXPO focuses on liver toxicity.								
sibo	Social Insect Behavior Ontology CC-BY	Social Behavior in insects								
fix	Physico-chemical methods and properties	An ontology of physico-chemical methods and properties.								
vario	Variation Ontology	Variation Ontology, VariO, is an ontology for standardized, systematic description of effects, consequences and mechanisms of variations.								
ogi	Ontology for genetic interval	An ontology that formalizes the genomic element by defining an upper class genetic interval								
rex	Physico-chemical process	An ontology of physico-chemical processes, i.e. physico-chemical changes occurring in course of time.
